- an interesting opening
		- plz check the rubrics
- structure
	1. where is it implemented
	2. benefit
	3. limitation
	4. recommendation/suggestion

- add transi? words
- clear structure
#### canvas requirement
**Video Assignment 2 (V2): Individual Multimodal Video (40%)**

**TASK**
	
Produce an individual multimodal video which includes text (both written and spoken) and visuals (e.g., graphics, photos, video clips, and/or yourself) to inform and engage your audience about your research on your project topic. Recommendations for improving 21st century study or work are also required based on your research.

**CONTEXT, PURPOSE, & AUDIENCE**

The video aims at informing and engaging an academic audience (including university students) with your group’s chosen project topic. Imagine that the video would be published on the HKUST(GZ) website to showcase students’ works.

**LENGTH**

The video should be around 4-to-6-minutes long. Videos shorter than 4 minutes will be marked down by 1 grade level across all assessment CAfLs. For longer videos, content beyond the first 6 minutes will not be assessed.

**SOURCES**

Make sure your video makes use of multiple sources of information for your ideas. You could build on ideas from your Writing Assignment 2 research and/or include other appropriate sources for academic research purposes. Remember to cite your sources in your video orally and/or on-screen. Include a final reference list in APA style at the end of the video.

**ASSESSMENT CORE AREAS FOR LEARNING (CAfLs)**

Your video will be assessed on Synthesis (SY), Coherence (CO), Spoken Language (SL), Multimodality (MM).

**CONTENT & ORGANIZATION**

You can decide on the details of content and organization of the video. Be creative and proactive when making the video – use AI _only_ to enhance your own work, _not_ to do the work for you (see "AI USE" section below). Decide on an appropriate approach to communicate your ideas in an informative and engaging way with your audience.

Your video must include the following:

1. about 30 seconds: Very briefly introduce your main topic to engage your audience. While your group video for Video Assignment 1 (V1) can be used as an intellectual foundation, you must make necessary changes to make V2 truly your own: do not simply copy and paste V1 to V2, and do not present your classmates' work in the group video as your own. Learn from the comments received in U2L10 and from your research.
2. about 2.5 - 4 min: The majority of the video should introduce your own research and explain 2-3 substantial key points that showcase your own research and synthesis skills in a coherent and engaging way. This should include:

(a) evidence of how or where your chosen topic is currently implemented;  
(b) evidence of its benefits and/or limitations/risks; and/or  
(c) success stories.

3. about 1 - 2 min: In the final part of your video, use your research to synthesize 1-2 specific recommendations for how your chosen topic can be addressed in the future to improve 21st century study or work.

**RECOMMENDED SOFTWARE**

The video production does not need to be “professional” quality. Choose software that you can comfortably use to convey your message.  Here is a list of suggested software:

- **PowerPoint** enables you to record voiceovers of each slide and therefore produce a good video. Here are instructions for recording a video in PowerPoint: [https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/turn-your-presentation-into-a-video-c140551f-cb37-4818-b5d4-3e30815c3e83Links to an external site.](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/turn-your-presentation-into-a-video-c140551f-cb37-4818-b5d4-3e30815c3e83) Make sure to use a common video format such as .mp4 and test the video before showing it in class.
- **Prezi** also enables you to record voiceovers of each slide and therefore produce a good video. Here are instructions for recording a video in Prezi  
    [https://support.prezi.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003479194-Adding-audio-in-Prezi-PresentLinks to an external site.](https://support.prezi.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003479194-Adding-audio-in-Prezi-Present)
- **Zoom** also enables you to easily record voiceovers of visual slides you have produced.
- Or any other software you want

**AI USE**

You can use AI tools such as ChatGPT or DeepSeek to help you brainstorm general ideas and make stylistic & language improvements to your script and on-screen text, as well as use in-built AI features of the recommended video/presentation software to create a small number of relevant images & short video clips, but any other assistance from AI (such as generating the entire script, creating a whole series of slides, voiceover recording, and longer video clip generation) is **not allowed**. Keep screenshots of any AI assistance you received and include them in an AI use declaration submitted alongside V2.

|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **WHY DO THIS TASK?**<br><br>Through this task, you should be able to practice research and synthesizing skills and develop your skills with multimodal communication to organize coherent information in an engaging way for the audience. These are essential skills that are transferrable to many future university and workplace tasks. |